put 143 Amelia Earhart
isEmpty
put 986 Ruby Sampson
height
height 113
size
isEmpty
size 113
isEmpty
height 143
put 934 Fay Winifred
isEmpty
put 751 Carolina Parks
contains 986
put 705 Lacy Kazantzakis
put 432 Evaline Coetzee
size
put 951 Frieda Eels
height 951
contains 751
size 705
put 136 Salome Cameron
height
put 465 Dennis Menace
isEmpty
put 597 Leana Picasso
put 159 Calla Remarque
get 751
isEmpty
height 159
isEmpty
put 405 Lyda Swope
contains 465
put 222 Josie Pye
get 934
isEmpty
put 624 Mallie Giscard
size 432
size
size
put 756 Junie Dvorak
contains 222
isEmpty
put 627 Sabra Korsakov
put 106 Sophie Hanson
put 389 Margie Jar
put 955 Emily Lincoln
height 113
put 196 Lucina Prokofiev
isEmpty
put 456 Ednah Hamdi
put 457 Harvey Oswald
isEmpty
put 165 Joe la Plante
get 113
put 200 Lillie Giggs
get 113
height
put 437 Frances Nunn
put 137 Luna King
size 405
put 9 Lonnie Howard
height
contains 405
put 22 Corrie Klinger
size
put 984 Rufus Summer
height 405
put 421 Dixie Morrison
size
height
contains 597
put 779 Sammie O'Keefe
put 79 Aurora Bernard
isEmpty
get 143
height
put 875 Victoria Demings
put 241 Rena Masterson
size
put 564 Cynthia Jordan
put 325 Adela Brooks
put 737 Lona Lamp
size
size 955
put 660 Mahalia Bernstein
put 637 Elvira Madson
put 237 Dillie Stendhal
height
put 569 Carol Cervantes9
contains 951
get 984
isEmpty
contains 457
put 515 Clarence Calvino
put 894 Julia Yoon
put 619 Theodore Dorris
put 114 Tempie Dancer
put 498 Mandy Nickelson
isEmpty
get 515
get 894
put 894 John Winter
get 894
height 564
size 241
height
size
